Cheedeb presents The True Story of Pocahontas by Kelly Reinhardt.
The Indian Princess Pocahontas was born near Jamestown in 1595.
Captain John Smith wrote many of the events of this story in his books.
Some details were added and other details were forgotten.
But the story you will read in this book really happened.
This is The True Story of Pocahontas.
Chapter 1 The Sailing Ship
May was a beautiful month in the land of the Algonquin Indians.
There were tall trees and colorful flowers everywhere.
The sky and the sea were deep blue.
Pocahontas was the favorite daughter of Chief Pocahontas.
She was an Indian princess.
Chief Pocahontas was a powerful chief of the Algonquin tribe.
Pocahontas was 11 years old.
She was a lovely young girl with black hair and dark eyes.
She wore a buckskin dress and moccasins.
She had a feather in her hair.
Pocahontas was always happy.
She ran in the forest and danced in the fields.
She sat on the hill and looked at the blue sea.
On May 6, 1607, Pocahontas sat on the hill and she saw something strange in the bay.
It was a big sailing ship.
She was very surprised.
The sailing ship was something new.
It had big white sails and flags.
She looked at it for a long time.
Where did it come from?
Why was it there?
She was very excited.
Pocahontas ran to her village to tell her father and brother the news.
Father, father!
She said, there's a big sailing ship in the bay.
It has white sails and coloured flags.
Her father, Chief Pocahontan, was outside his long house.
He was a tall man with long black hair.
He wore the feathers of an Indian chief on his head.
He listened to the news, but he was not happy.
The white men are here.
Pocahontan said sadly.
This is bad news for our people.
There is no peace with the white men here.
Nantakwas was Pocahontas' brother.
He was 18 years old.
He was a strong Indian warrior.
He looked at his sister and said,
In the past, the white people killed the Indians.
They want to take our land.
Oh, Nantakwas, let's go to see the white people.
Let's go to see their big ship.
Said Pocahontas.
You can go to see them, but don't go near the ship.
Stay far away.
Be careful.
Said Pocahontan.
Remember Pocahontas.
White men are dangerous.
Nantakwas and Pocahontas went to the river.
There were many canoes near the river.
They got into a small canoe.
Then Nantakwas paddled down the river to the bay.
In the bay, they saw the big sailing ship.
There was a tall white man on the ship.
He smiled at them.
There were other white men too.
They all looked at the small canoe and at the two Indians.
Pocahontas smiled at the white man.
Let's go to the ship.
She said.
No.
Said Nantakwas.
It's dangerous.
We don't know who these white men are.
We can look and then go home.
We must obey our father.
The white man on the ship smiled again.
Look Nantakwas.
Said Pocahontas.
That man has red hair and white skin.
He's smiling at us.
Look at his clothes.
They are strange.
Nantakwas turned the canoe and paddled up the river.
When they arrived home, Nantakwas said.
I saw a big sailing ship.
There were many white men on the ship.
Pocahontas talked to his medicine men and tribe advisors.
They all sat inside the long house for a long time.
He said.
White men bring us problems.
They have a strange magic.
They carry thundersticks to kill our people.
They want to take our land, our lakes, our rivers and our forests.
They can stay for a short time, but they cannot stay here forever.
Let's watch them and see what they do.
Exercise 5.
Listen to this dictation carefully.
Then listen to it again and fill in the gaps.
Pocahontas was an Indian girl.
She was always happy.
She lived near the sea.
She was eleven years old.
She had black hair.
Her father was Chief Pocahontan.
Her brother was called Nantakwas.
He was a strong warrior.
He was eighteen years old.
Chief Pocahontan didn't like white men.
Oruk Pirve.
Guten Tag Uda Hallu.
Dobridin.
Ili Drastvit.
Napradalrinifsivokursa was born at Sopravardat Chittirichuavica.
Jurgen Heinrich.
Chris Bruckner.
Rob Klein.
Iklaude Birkman.
Vnachali Kursa.
Oruk Pirve.
Manahodimsev Berlini.
Vairapartu.
Inavaxale.
Chris Bruckner.
Priyajal Smundhina.
Nadevavuevstrichu.
Robert.
Brostopos Philip Berlin.
Claudae of Streechativo.
N Habaxale.
V hop airport riots by Be vast.
Oruk Pirve.
Let's get out of here.
stones are almost already recorded on a permanent limit as well.
See many potato preparets in the city ofKA.
Chapter Two.
Pocahontas.
Meet John Smith.
Captain John Smith and his men were happy to be in Chesapeake Bay.
They wanted to establish a small settlement there.
Captain Smith called the Big River the James River, after King James I of Britain.
On May 13, 1607, he established the small settlement called Jamestown.
Jamestown was on the James River.
In Jamestown, the settlers built some huts, a storehouse, and a church.
There were about 100 men in Jamestown in 1607.
Most of them were English gentlemen.
They came to the new world to find gold and riches.
They did not want to be farmers.
John Smith was angry with them. He said,
You must all plant crops, hunt and fish. You must not be lazy.
In Jamestown, there was little food.
One day, Captain Smith and his men went into the forest to look for food.
They walked for a long time.
Then they met a big group of Indians.
The Indians attacked them with their bows and arrows.
They killed one of Smith's men.
John Smith and his men killed two Indians.
Then the Indians captured John Smith and took him away.
After a long walk, John Smith stood in front of Chief Poehaten and his tribe.
Everyone was silent.
Pocahontas stood next to her father. She looked at John Smith.
He was very tall. She looked at his red hair, his blue eyes and his white skin.
He was very different from the Indian men.
John Smith spoke to the Indians in sign language and a few Indian words.
Great Chief, I am a friend. My men and I want to live in peace with you.
Poehaten and his medicine men did not like him.
John Smith gave a compass to the great chief. Poehaten looked at it.
He turned it around in his hand.
Why did the needle always point in the same direction?
He tried to touch the needle, but a piece of ice was in front of it.
The ice wasn't cold. It didn't melt.
Poehaten thought it was magic.
All the Indians of the tribe looked at the compass.
They were surprised at the white man's magic.
Pocahontas liked John Smith and his magic, but her father didn't like him.
That afternoon, John Smith and his men killed two Indians.
Chief Poehaten and his tribe were very angry.
Now John Smith must die.
Two Indian warriors pushed Captain Smith to the ground.
They put his head on a very big stone.
Then the Indians picked up another big stone.
They wanted to kill John Smith.
When Pocahontas saw this, she said,
No father, please don't kill him. He isn't a bad man.
Poehaten said, No, he and his men killed two Indians.
He must die.
The two Indians were ready to kill Captain Smith.
One Indian raised his hand.
No!
Said Pocahontas, she jumped forward and put her head above Captain Smith's head.
Please father, he must not die. Save him.
Said Pocahontas, Poehaten looked at his favorite daughter.
He immediately told the two Indians to stop.
Everyone was surprised at Pocahontas' courage.
Pocahontas saved John Smith's life.
After this, Pocahontas and John Smith became great friends.
John Smith taught her English and she taught him the Indian language.
He gave her beautiful beads and trinkets.
He told her about London and its enormous buildings.
Pocahontas listened to Smith's stories.
The King of England is called King James I.
He lives in a beautiful palace in London.
Is John Smith?
Is he your chief?
Asked Pocahontas.
Yes, he's our leader.
Said John Smith.
What do the English ladies wear?
Asked Pocahontas.
They wear long colorful dresses, shoes and hats.
They also wear jewels.
Are the English ladies beautiful?
Pocahontas asked, Some are beautiful and some aren't.
Said John Smith.
Pocahontas laughed and listened.
She dreamt about London.
Hello.
Private.
Good morning.
Dobre Utre.
Good night.
Dobre Vietre.
Spakon Neneuch.
Auf Wiedersehen.
Desvidani.
Chews.
Pocahontas.
Aseches Vasha Ochrit.
Swamiktotas Darowicz.
Atviette.
Knopre Vietre.
Patumpas luschriti pravin le Varyand.
Good morning.
Good night.
Auf Wiedersehen.
Chews.
The Origins of Virginia.
In 1606, King James I of Britain established the Virginia Company to explore the new world.
It was named after Elizabeth I, the Virgin Queen.
King James wanted his explorers to find gold, riches and food products in the new world.
He also hoped to find a new way to go to India.
Captain John Smith was one of the leaders of the Virginia Company.
He was a courageous soldier.
When he was young, his life was full of adventure.
He and the Austrians fought against the Turks.
The Austrians were very pleased with him.
They gave him a horse, a scimitar, a coat of arms and the title of Captain.
Then Captain Smith was captured by the Turks.
He was a prisoner in Turkey, but he escaped.
He crossed Russia, sailed on a pirate ship and returned to England in 1604.
Captain Smith then worked for the Virginia Company.
He took the English settlers to the new world.
He was a strong, intelligent leader.
He established the settlement of Jamestown.
He explored the Chesapeake region and made maps.
He made friends with many Indian tribes in the region.
The settlers did not find gold and riches in the new colony, but they found the tobacco plant.
In the 17th century, the tobacco plant grew only in America.
The American Indians smoked the tobacco leaves.
They used the leaves as medicine too.
The tobacco plant became the most important product of the Virginia colony.
There were many tobacco plantations along the James River.
The tobacco leaves were picked and dried.
Then they were sent to England and other parts of Europe.
This was the beginning of an important business.
Soon there were tobacco companies everywhere.
With its tobacco plantations, Virginia became a very rich colony.
By 1688, it produced about 10 million kilograms of tobacco.
Smoking became very popular in America and Europe.
It became very popular in Europe and Europe.
It became very rich.
It produced about 10 million kilograms of tobacco.
Wouldn't you like to eat any of that?
And for us, what do you like?
What do I do?
I controls these.
I don't remember thoseies, but then I mentioned this one.
Härtslich Wiekommen.
Dabropagelwüt.
Hallorop, Hallo Claudia.
Privetrop, Privet Claudia.
Wiegätstir.
Kaldila.
Danke, Gut.
Hrasho, Spasiba.
Chapter 3.
Winter in Jamestown.
The hot summer passed and the cool autumn arrived.
The Jamestown settlers had little food to eat.
Many settlers were ill and weak.
They needed help.
When winter arrived, there was no food.
Pocahontas helped the Jamestown settlers.
She asked her father for corn, meat, and other food.
Pocahontas and other Indians brought the food to Jamestown in big baskets.
The courageous Indian princess helped the settlers to live during the cold winter.
Ships came to Jamestown from England.
Pocahontan was not happy about this.
More white men came to the new world.
Pocahontan was afraid of them.
He was afraid of the future.
One winter day, Pocahontan sent an Indian messenger to Jamestown.
He had a message for Captain Smith.
My chief, Pocahontan, wants to speak to you.
Follow me.
John Smith followed the messenger to Pocahontan's village.
Pocahontan was in his long house.
John Smith sat next to him.
We have no more food to give to your people.
You must all leave this land now, said Pocahontan.
Why must we leave?
Ask John Smith.
The two men talked for a long time.
At midnight, Pocahontan said,
It is very late.
You can sleep in the small cabin near the river.
Captain Smith accepted the invitation.
He went to sleep in the small cabin.
During the night, John Smith heard someone at the door.
He got up, opened the door, and saw Pocahontas.
What a surprise to see you, Pocahontas. Please come in.
Captain Smith, your life is in danger.
My father and the medicine men want to kill you tonight.
They don't want white people to stay here. You must run away now.
Dear Princess, you are saving my life again.
How can I thank you? What can I give you?
Asked Captain Smith,
Run away now. Save yourself.
Pocahontas touched his hand and ran away.
John Smith ran out of the cabin.
He walked to Jamestown in the middle of the night.
When he arrived in Jamestown, he told the settlers that Pocahontas saved his life again.
After this adventure, Captain Smith returned to England.
In Pocahontas' village, everyone thought that Captain Smith was dead.
Everyone said that he was killed by a gunpowder explosion.
I have never hit the fence.
It was windows, zipred, on a bow and you.
When this incident was broken, it came to the peaceful side.
Don't you say that?
Yes, she did.
My name was Pocahontas.
Thank you.
Let's see if we'll come.
Hello, Op.
Hello, Claudia.
We're good.
Thank you. Good.
We're friends of the white people.
Pocahontas was safe with them.
Pohaton said to Pocahontas,
You must stay with the Potomac Indians.
You must not go to Jamestown.
We are at war with Jamestown.
Yes, Father.
Pocahontas liked her life with the Potomics.
Chief Japazos was the head of the Potomac tribe.
His wife was Pocahontas' friend.
Chief Japazos and his wife were friends of Captain Samuel Argo.
Captain Argo was an English explorer.
He lived in Jamestown.
One day, Captain Argo went to visit Chief Japazos.
When he saw Pocahontas, he said to the chief,
Come to see my ship.
I want to show you a lot of interesting things.
We can eat on the ship.
You are very kind.
Said Pocahontas.
I want to see an English ship.
Chief Japazos and his wife wanted to see the ship too.
Captain Argo took Pocahontas, Chief Japazos,
and his wife to the big sailing ship.
They looked around the big ship.
They saw the tall masts and the white sails.
Then they ate delicious food.
Pocahontas was very happy and said,
Thank you for a wonderful day, Captain Argo.
At sunset, Chief Japazos and his wife left the ship in a canoe.
But Pocahontas did not leave.
She was Captain Argo's prisoner.
He tricked her.
Why can't I go with my friends?
Asked Pocahontas.
She looked at the canoe and saw her friends.
Chief Japazos wife had a new copper kettle and a basket full of colored beads.
Chief Japazos and his wife helped Captain Argo capture Pocahontas.
The copper kettle and the colored beads were their payment.
Pocahontas cried.
She had no true friends.
She asked, What is happening?
Why am I a prisoner?
Captain Argo said, I don't want to hurt you Pocahontas.
I want to take you to Jamestown and keep you there.
When your father returns the weapons he took from us, I can free you.
Then you can return home.
Your father loves you.
He must return the weapons.
Pocahontas was a prisoner.
But she was not afraid of Captain Argo.
She was not afraid of the white people.
Captain Argo took her to Jamestown.
Everyone in Jamestown liked Pocahontas.
They remembered that she saved Captain Smith's life twice.
They also remembered that she brought them food during the long winter.
Everyone in Jamestown was kind and friendly.
The women gave her English clothes to wear.
Pocahontas was a beautiful young woman.
She learned English manners and customs.
She made many friends.
Pocahontas became a Christian and her Christian name was Rebecca.
Pocahontas did not return the weapons.
He sent some corn and some broken weapons.
The war continued.
Captain Argo was furious because his plan did not work.
He kept Pocahontas in Jamestown.
She was his prisoner, but she was not unhappy.
She liked Jamestown because she learned new things every day.
Who wasn't there before?
You think my name was Phlferina?
Yes, it was Phlferina.
What should Bocna haveENN's pork.
I'd say that he would come.
Hello, Rob.
Hello, Claudia.
We get here.
Thank you.
Good.
I tepere davaiti patriniroimpreznashini.
Indian life.
The American Indians came from Asia about 40,000 years ago.
They crossed the Bering Strait and went down to North America.
These Indians were hunters.
They hunted wild animals.
After thousands of years, some Indians became farmers.
They cultivated corn.
Other Indians hunted the buffalo.
They used the buffalo for food, clothing, and tepees.
American Indians belonged to different tribes.
Every tribe had a chief.
There were hundreds of Indian tribes in America.
The American Indians decorated things with beautiful colors.
They made masks and decorated them.
They also made pottery and statues.
Indians painted pictures on big stone walls.
These pictures told a story about their life.
Indians were great hunters and courageous warriors.
They were strong people.
They loved and respected nature and animals.
Different tribes lived in different kinds of homes.
The wigwam, the tepee, the longhouse, and the pueblo.
Indians often decorated their tepees with colorful pictures.
The Indians of the Pacific coast often put big totem poles outside their longhouses.
Indians used these weapons to hunt and fight.
Bose and arrows, spears, knives, and tomahawks.
When Captain John Smith came to the New World, some important tribes were the Apaches,
the Comanches, the Hurans, the Mohicans, the Navajos, and the Sioux.
At first the Indians were friendly with the white settlers.
They taught the settlers how to grow crops.
They also taught them how to live in the wilderness.
The white settlers brought the Indians weapons and tools.
Soon the settlers wanted to take the Indians' land.
Many settlers came to America and they wanted land.
The Indians didn't want to lose their land.
The Indian wars began.
Many people were killed.
Finally, in the 1890s, the Indian wars ended.
The Indians lost their land.
America was now the land of the white settlers.
Today, American Indians live on reservations.
Alpha vid.
Musicias patrinirouenbukva alpha vid.
Slushite, ipofterite.
Popotite is imitirouet preznashinyi diktor kakmoshna tachnyi.
A. B. C. D. E. F. G.
H. I. Yot.
K. L. M. N. O. P. K.
R. S. T. U. Fau.
V. Ix. Ipsilon.
Zet.
Chapter 5.
Pocahontas Falls in Love.
After many months, Pocahontas met John Rolf.
He was a young tobacco farmer.
John Rolf was very kind to her.
She loved him and he loved her.
They were very happy together.
John Rolf wanted to marry Pocahontas,
but Pocahontas wanted to speak to her father first.
One day, Pocahontas and John Rolf went to visit Pocahontan.
The great chief was pleased to see his daughter.
Father, this is John Rolf.
I met him in Jamestown.
He is a very kind person.
I love him and I'm going to marry him.
You are a young woman now, Pocahontas.
It is time for you to marry the man you love.
Pocahontan embraced his daughter and John.
Great chief.
I love your daughter and I want to take care of her, said John Rolf.
In April 1614, Pocahontas married John Rolf in the Anglican Church.
She was the first American Indian to marry a white man.
Pocahontas wore a beautiful white dress.
She had flowers in her hair.
She and John Rolf laughed and danced on this special day.
All the people in Jamestown celebrated the marriage.
There were great festivities with music and dancing.
Nantakwas and many other Indians came to celebrate.
At the wedding meal, there were white men and Indians.
They were all good friends.
They sat around a long table.
They were all types of good food to eat.
Pocahontas's marriage brought peace to the Virginia colony.
The colony began to grow.
Soon after their marriage, Pocahontas and John went to London.
Pocahontas was surprised to see many new things in England.
In London, she wore beautiful English clothes.
Everyone wanted to meet her.
She met the most important people of London.
She even met King James I.
Everyone loved the Indian princess.
In London, Pocahontas met John Smith again after many years.
This was a wonderful surprise.
They talked about their adventures in Jamestown.
Pocahontas and John Rolf had a son.
They were very happy.
They called him Thomas.
After Thomas's birth, Pocahontas became very ill.
She died in England in 1617, at the age of 21.
This was a tragic event.
Many people mourned her.
They remembered the courageous Indian princess.
Young Thomas was educated in Britain by his uncle, Henry Rolf.
John Rolf was heartbroken.
He didn't want to live in Britain.
He returned to Virginia to grow tobacco.
He became an important tobacco farmer.
He had a very big tobacco plantation.
When Thomas Rolf was an adult, he left Britain.
He went to America to visit his mother's land.
He met his mother's tribe.
He liked the new world and remained there.
In 1788, the Virginia colony became a state of the United States.
There are still descendants of Thomas Rolf, Pocahontas's son, in Virginia today.
And he asked the worcos of his mother.
Eh?
Eh.
That's good.
Chef,
uber, business.
As said,
Es chais se.
brenir
ich ous parcelonar
ich bin ous parcelonar
asicius vih
Her Heinrich
ous parlin
Her Heinrich ist ous parlin
ich ous vin
ich bin ous vin
ich bin ous parcelon
I use thin fiber pr small fiber
In Greek, it's planned.
Virginia is in amazing addition!
Virginia is an American State,
85% in 1788, after the American Revolution.
At about 5 million people live in Virginia.
The capital of Virginia is Richmond.
Other important cities are Roanoke, Norfolk, Newport, and Alexandria.
George Washington was born in Virginia.
He is called the father of America.
He was the leader of the American Revolution.
He fought for the independence of the United States.
In 1789, George Washington became the first president of the United States.
Today you can visit the Jamestown settlement.
You can see people in 17th century costumes and how they lived.
Colonial Williamsburg is the biggest 18th century town in the world.
In Virginia today, there is the Pocahontas State Park.
The beautiful park was named after Pocahontas.
There is also a museum dedicated to the Indian Princess.
There are many excellent colleges and universities in this beautiful state.
Good and Tuck.
Periviat?
Hello.
Cagdilla?
Vigets Inan.
Corrosos Passiba.
Danke.
Good.
Desvidani.
Alfvida Zain.
Vazirce ni pirovo oroka is the spirit-stavlina de palmitina infarmatsa.
Passlooshitika kludiprivietstvodruggdrugggavrasnichnimetskyzichnestran.
Good and Tuck.
Zavos.
Grütze.
North Deutschland.
Good and Tuck.
Hello.
Alfvida Zain.
Chez.
Bayan.
Grütze goat.
Grütze stay.
Alfvida shan.
Thirti.
Hunderage.
good.
Seo.
PapAA.
Schwints.
Grütze.
Offidre luga.
Sali.
Ora GstRoI.
bullying commons solar.
Áttuhbih.
What are you feeling?
Wait, what are you feeling?
You have flavors-
that is not phenomenal.
You don't.
Well, you have a true fit.
All right, I can't do anything wrong.
Does this happen or not?
Think it a good?
Yeah it's exciting
15 litres
Yeah huh
Hello
That is a authored
It looks like Timmy
Could you read the bible again to her?
Did I have a cane?
Yeah, there you go.
I'm going to go to the other side.
Can you tell me?
Yeah, I'm going to go to the other side.
I'm going to go to the other side.
Yeah.
It's been us, Vin.
In Muncion.
Abba Islebe in Muncion.
Tipil Pafteletinazwanyagradov, estran.
Berlin.
Vin.
Paris.
Curne.
Berne.
Gratz.
Deutschland.
Eustereich.
Tischweitz.
Paftepravina Formuglagoläheisen.
As a team slushy to Paul Nipridlagen.
Premier.
We.
Do.
Heisto.
Sichaçon.
Ich.
Boris.
Heisto Boris.
We.
Ich.
Knut und Boris.
We.
Heisten Knut und Boris.
Karla und Fritz.
Zauter.
Karla und Fritz Heisen Zauter.
We.
emailed.
Ich.
Very very very very very very very very.
That's all I need.
't you sure if we watch it?
And how you do?
Dis beverages.
And we Roed a wrongful gun.
And we were able to keep no accidents.
And that's all I wanted to know.
But the reason why?
Hamburg, Köln, Leipzig, Augsburg, Bern, Ture, Zaltzburg, Gratz.
And now we are going to take a look at this.
Orogtreite.
Emhotel.
Gesteinitz.
Gaspasabrukner, Ereghistri Rutsov, Gesteinitz.
Yegnyap hadimazapolnyt, Ereghistrotson, Okhartechko, Yuka Zetiyodane.
Vatmuroki, Vémonogusnite, Apiminius, Sushistvitilim.
Siaminazushistwittner, Uptribleitzusarticlem.
Veneemiuskamiyusike, Sushistvitri Raslichnefarticle.
Dia, Murskorod, D, Zhenskirod, Idaz, Sreignerod.
S Flash, module Ncryjuda, and Böy hots
Adevitezkansundrum, Zhenskirod, Ereghistrirobsnite.
D'Estrace.
Ulice.
D'Numa.
Numa.
Dasland.
Strana.
Wristo Nubizem Itil.
Da Kanjosner.
Vinemianskum Iroskum Yuzukach.
Yitzlava Katore Ochimpachor.
Adres.
D'Adres.
Elie Numa.
D'Numa.
D'Estrace.
Elie Numa.
D'Numa.
Er
He said that I should answer this trial and flawed.
What was it you mother?
elling and battling.
But Mother?
This is my goal,
because of marriage.
How about it.
We dont realise,
while my own exclusion is on top
We won them,
but we didn't kill them...
We landed quartets
We Comm Sorcerers
From here
They found and
Four nammen.
Ima?
Dear Gebotz nammen.
Divi chifamile.
Das Gebotz land.
Strannarajdina.
Das Gebotz datum.
Datarajdina.
Dear tak.
Ding.
Dear monad.
Meissatz.
Das yar.
Guot.
Dear familienstant.
Si meine palagine.
Leide.
Calastoy nizamurnye.
Faheiratte.
Genati nizamurnye.
Gesheiden.
Rosvidonnye.
Das Geshechlecht.
Paul.
Menlej.
Muskoi.
Veiblej.
Renski.
Dinazunallitet.
Natsanallist.
Dear Platz.
Meister.
Dinuma.
Nomer.
Distat.
Guord.
Dipaznoma.
Nomer's agranicinava pazperta.
Diosvaiusnoma.
Nomer pazperta.
Das datum.
Datar.
Tippilzkansantri roomsha nepris nashini.
Slava evaprose vousgesnite.
Sluxite ipofterreite.
Spoputite sis vouspris wisti uderiene ipris nashini dick terakak mous nachini.
Voorheir.
Voorhehrkommstu.
Voorhehkommstu.
Thus istaz.
Ziben.
At.
Noin.
Sin.
Sichas vous luchite imina.
In ichas de pomega et usnet iskaku estranet tot ilein ouchilavic.
D'apol nitti paralst anasvania estranet.
Primer.
Fritz?
Eustoichland.
Tatiana.
Michelle.
Eustoichland.
Susan.
Paul.
Eustoichland.
Ous.
Ousdashvites.
Eri yinaba.
Ousyapan.
Eustoichland.
Pravely.
Ousdashvain.
Eustran.
Namitzkamusuke.
Parjost.
Zeglinitiv.
Vashmukliad.
Eustoichland.
Eusteufth glory.
I understand this.
Eustoichland.
Irethra strat.
They always physi exactly how they do.
Let's not listen.
I didn't know what they do.
Oh, silly Coc sinkoo.
Are you doing that?
We are doing Total
Two?
Three.
I want a wieldingfighters.
One.
to produce the good thinker
to Marquis d'Abéranse
and to generate the perfect feeling
and to create a great meal
They really keep learning how to worship
women and dance
I'm watching Horaceo, it's a gillion.
Does it scream?
It's a crust.
The first time I've seen a lot of people,
I've seen a lot of people,
and I've seen a lot of people.
What's the matter?
What's my
concern?
What's the matter?
How does it all come?
It's the place where there is the theatre.
T
.. Az trouseca
Nirvana
Team
boards
..
...
How do you see this?
Right...
The
Yeah, there's a stir-praktish.
The sweater is the off-premah.
We used the standard mention.
Blyder schleit.
A stir-praktish.
Da habm zihi ogluk.
Kenan zidishtad.
Nih jekot.
Dan machand van der schtadrenfart.
Phyllites morgung.
Yeah, kernen.
I see chas davites as rida tochim ciander prizna cheni.
Pribhavtishlova.
Zia, do et ixlów.
As nachalus luschite, a patomp of tyreite.
Shun.
Zia schoon.
Gutt.
Zia Gutt.
Schlecht.
Zia Schlecht.
Wight.
Zia Wight.
Warm.
Zia Warm.
Kalt.
Zia Kalt.
I see chas davites as rida tochistrida.
Znachalus luschite, a patomp of tyreite.
Sushistrida.
Spry will lemme.
Artich lemme.
No premier.
Name.
De aname.
I see chas davites.
Addresse.
De addresse.
Lunt.
Dasla.